Hi my name is Tubby. I live here in this wonderful library
and I love to eat books. I live here with my friends Gumbo and Freckles.
Over there, On that great book is Holy.
She is really old and wise and tells us wonderful stories, when she is awake that is.
We just learned this awesome new song. Come Guy's let's sing.
Hello Holy! It's so nice to see you awake. Now please, please, Tell us another story from the Bible. Please!
Of course! I will. But you have to promise you will listen to the story very carefully
And answer my Question at the end. Yes Yes we promise. A Long time ago
Jerusalem had got destroyed overtime because of many wars
Nehamaya a Jewish exile in Babylon decided that he wanted to rebuild Jerusalem.
He was finally able to finish building the wall of Jerusalem by the seventh month since then.
The people on Israel were all settled in their towns. On the first day of that month
All of them gathered in the square inside the water gate. They asked Esra
The priest to bring the book of the law. Esra stood on the platform
And opened the book. All the people stood up to praise the lord.
And they bowed down to the ground in worship. Esra read out the law
To the people From early morning until Noon. They listened carefully Esra put the word of the law
Into their own language and explained it to the people. On the 24th day of
The same month the people of Israel again met together. They fasted the entire day
To show sorrow for their sins. They prayed to god and asked for forgiveness
for their sins. The promise that the people made to god was we the people of Israel
Made this promise to God in writing. Our leaders put their seal to it. We know
How we suffered in the past because we disobeyed God. We have now
Decided to separate ourself from those Who do not worship the Lord
According to the law of Moses. We will live by this law and obey all that
Our God has told us. If we do not Obey God  He may punish us.
So children,  Now Answer My Question. What was the name of the priest  who read out
law out to the people of Israel? I remember his name was Esra.
Very good Come on Freckels, Come Gumbo let us finish our song. Bye Holy! See you children